1. Этот сложный аспект физики твёрдого тела (физики твёрдого состояния) часто упоминается в учебниках.
Solid-state – твердое состояние
2. Точность данного описания настойчиво утверждалась. (данного for the)
3. Это изобретение уже упоминалось во многих книгах.
4. На точность её измерений нельзя было положиться.
5. Эти измерения будут только упомянуты.
6. Точность измерений будет настоятельно требоваться, так как физика – количественная наука.
Precise – точный
Quantitative – количественный
7. Некоторые важные описания не упоминаются в данной книге.
8. На его убеждения можно положиться.
Conviction – убеждение
9. Формулировка этой математической зависимости была рассказана на семинаре
10. После лекции случилась дискуссия
11. После общей классификации последовало краткое изложение каждого пункта
12. За экспериментом следили все студенты
13. После лекции будет эксперимент
14. После описания физических величин последовала формулировка математической взаимосвязи между ними
15. Демонстрация эксперимента сопровождалась большим вниманием
16. После описания оборудования последовали измерения 


u7
1. - What are your forecasts about the use of electric vehicles in the near future?
- Undoubtedly, electric cars have a number of advantages over vehicles that use patrol and diesel fuel. 
First, they do not pollute the environment and can make cities cleaner. Secondly, they can be more powerful and move
 at a higher speed. However, electric cars also have disadvantages. In our days, this is primarily a high price and 
the need to always charge the car. So do not expect that electric cars will replace conventional cars very soon.

2. I agree that it is very comfortable to travel by train, but I find such trips not quite convenient.
 I really appresiate time and so prefer the plane, since it moves at least twice as fast as the train.

3. We are stuck in traffic. Can you reserve us some seats? We'll be there in half an hour.

4. Unfortunately, at the moment I can't afford this restaurant. The prices here
 are incredibly high, and I just paid for a journey, and I don't have any money.

5. - I wonder what feelings you can experience when flying on a supersonic plane?
- Sitting inside, you do not feel high speed. It seems that the car is floating through the air.

6. - If the subway cars are crowded, I advise you to stand in front of strong and tall men while
 waiting for the train. They will easily push you forward, and you will immediately get into the car.
 Just do not stand at the edge of the platform, so as not to fall on the rails.

7. The law is still being developed, but I think that when the work on it is
 completed, it will extend to all citizens.

8 – - Look at your colleague! He always plans everything carefully. 
He books all trips in advance, regularly buys a bus pass.

- Ha, I think that he is just incredibly greedy, saves money so as not to pay
 for travel every day, and early booking, of course, is cheaper. A very boring and unpleasant person.
- But it is reliable!

9. The traffic in Egypt is just terrible! No one follows the rules. On the crowded
 main streets, you can simultaneously see cars, pedestrians, cyclists (although there are no bike paths anywhere) and even camel.
10. In reality, the area does not look as picturesque as in the guidebook. The streets in the city are quite dirty.
