1. to measure the voltage is easy
измерение напряжения – это легко.
2. to carry out – выполнить
выполнить данное исследование было чрезвычайно сложно.
3. сформулировать данное соотношение не составит труда.
4. найти массу электрона было очень важно.
5. включить все аспекты физики в одно определение - невозможно
6. необходимо точно измерить данные величины.
7. невозможно отличить физику от ближайших соседствующих физических наук
8. важно было заменить трансформатор,который плохо работал
9. учиться – узнавать новые факты
10. преобразовать одну единицу измерения в другую в системе мкс означает передвинуть десятичную точку
11. использовать компьютер означает улучшить условия проведения эксперимента
12. принятие идеи эйнштейна означало изменение представления ученых о взаимосвязи между материей и энергией



1. - If your funds for the trip are limited, and you want to save on accommodation, you can stay overnight
 with friends so as not to pay for the hotel. – But I don't know anyone in this city.

2. I need to buy travel insurance urgently, as I am applying for a visa tomorrow.

3. I'm a little jealous of my brother. I do not dispute that he is a risk-taking,
 adventurous and last-minute person, but, on the other hand, how great it is to be able 
to take off at one moment and go on a journey to experience something new.

4 – - Our travel agency mainly offers tours for family holidays, not for young people.
- What's the difference?
- Parents with children, as well as people of age are more suitable for package tours,
 which include hotel accommodation, meals, transport, excursions, etc. Young people, as 
a rule, organize everything independently. They prefer cheaper accommodation in a self-catering 
hostel. They choose a country in advance, plot a route, book tickets and accommodation via the Internet, 
get to their destination and explore the area themselves. Some people hire a car.

5. - Excuse me, could you tell me where the nearest currency exchange office is located?
- I won't say exactly, but somewhere here.

6. My colleague never goes on trips with her husband, because they have completely 
different vacation goals. During the trip, she loves to see the sights and do shopping, and he prefers only a beach holiday.

7. - There are loads of vending machines everywhere. Why do you need a supermarket?
- Because I need to buy not only food, but also souvenirs.

8. In the exam, it will be enough to mention only the basic ideas, without going into details.

9. – I don't know if it's worth staying at this hotel. Now I'm looking at the reviews of foreign visitors on the site.

10. – I would like to try new types of extreme sports, some of them are very exciting.
- Yes, but do not forget that some sports require special skills. For example, how are you going to ride a mountain bike if you've never ridden a regular one?