1. – I am fascinated by the beauty of this girl.
"I don't see anything charming about her.

2. - I hate horror movies! I can't sleep after them and wake up in fright!
- I don't understand what can be frightening about them. It's just a set of special effects and computer graphics.

3 – - What are you worried about?
- The upcoming interview, of course. This is very exciting for me.
- Come on! (Drop it!) The more embarrassed  and lost you look, the less likely you are to get 
a job. Remember that a lack of self-confidence can be an annoying factor for the interviewer, and he will try to confuse you even more.

4. The atmosphere at the lecture was so boring and relaxing that everyone was doing their own business, instead of listening to the lecturer.

5. The investigators found some surprising facts in the biography of the suspect. 
Although he he had a label at the university a very strange person,
 almost autistic, he received exceptionally excellent grades. After he got his degree/ after getting 
a degree in law, he left for one of the most remote areas of the country, instead of pursuing a brilliant career in the capital.

6. I couldn't recognize my old friend until he took off his glasses.

7. - Can you tell us some amazing stories about Yakutsk?
- Yes, I can. Local residents put special covers on cars that look like wall carpets
 to keep the engines from freezing. It looks very funny. To be honest, I expected the temperature to drop to -50°, but it stopped at" 35 degrees " below zero.

8. The Danube (the Danube) flows through the whole of Budapest and divides the city into two parts.

9. To avoid repetitions, replace nouns with the appropriate pronouns. Otherwise, your speech will be illiterate.

10. These sources are not reliable. It is not necessary to refer to them.


Ткачева
1) Трансформатор используется для передачи энергии.
2) Мы учим английский, чтобы читать книги по специальности.
3) чтобы измерить это количество, мы провели много экспериментов.
4) Чтобы улучшить точность экспериментов Вам следует использовать современное ()?
5) ЧТобы сравнить разные трансформаторы, Вы должны знать их устройство.
6) Его изобретение достаточно важно, чтобы его обсудить.
7) Эта идея слишком сложна для понимания.
8) Ваше описание было слишком сложным, чтобы понять.
9) Это определение было достаточно удобно для нашей работы.
10) Их класификация не достаточно полна для использования.
11) Их измерения слишком неточны, чтобы на них полагаться.
12) Это определение достаточно важно, что бы его повторить.
13)ЭТо оборудование слишком сложно, чтобы его использовать в нашей работе.